so ray you're using another tool there's
another tool you're having your hands
that you use during the video of
building the custom canvas art stretcher
Tommy you what is this tool okay this
tool is called the combination square
because it's this tool is able to do a
multitude of different functions well
tell me about some of the functions okay
right here you notice a little glass key
with the bubble in that's the level so
you replace this ledge on the surface
and find out if the area is level also
it has a 45 degree angle on this side
that makes it easy for determining don't
want to lay it down here like this and
well and I want to mark the area for 45
degree angle I can mark it and they give
me a nice accurate line there or if I
want a 90 degree line in places this way
maybe a nice straight line going across
that way now there's another function
that I use it for if I need to make a
line straight across let's take one from
here down to here okay do that again
because I'm the camera didn't catch it
coming here across this way okay I could
set my combination Square to the say in
this case I'm going to set this one in
three quarters of an inch notice this
little notch here at the end of the
combination square oh yes okay I put my
pencil in there to hold it like this
I can slide the combination square down
with a pencil and make a straight line I
see I see this way so as you can see the
combination square can do many things
and they also give you a little scribing
tool at the end that you can use or
because it's at this point using this
point it's even better than using a
pencil and I can use that too to make a
line across to cut it's a very fine line
but this visual even does give you a
more accurate line to work I notice it
is a bubble or yellow bubble there what
is that bubble there look like a little
vial of liquid yeah that's what I've
showed you on the other ones the same
thing that's a level okay I see very
good so it's one that's two different
sizes this is the large size and this is
a small size
often times I carried a little one with
me because it's handy they can do a lot
of little things with this one you carry
with you just is that something you just
want a pop in your back pocket well I
carry my two that also let me show you
one other thing if you see here I have a
nice square and I want to make sure that
something is straight or square if you
go over to this door jam follow me over
to this door Jim I want to see if this
is this inside corners is straight the
square I can place the combination
square in there and as you this point is
not this little house
there's so house okay that's the way it
is okay so that gives you a little quite
a few different things that you can do
with it combination square 25 degree
angle 90 degree angle a square marvelous
straight down the middle
okay and a level okay thank you you're
welcome